whoa
whoa rebellious and polluted to the
rebellious and polluted to the
rebellious and polluted to the oppressing city she has not obeyed his
oppressing city she has not obeyed his
oppressing city she has not obeyed his voice she has not received correction
voice she has not received correction
voice she has not received correction she has not trusted in the Lord she has
she has not trusted in the Lord she has
she has not trusted in the Lord she has not drawn near to her God her Prince's
not drawn near to her God her Prince's
not drawn near to her God her Prince's in her midst are roaring lions her
in her midst are roaring lions her
in her midst are roaring lions her judges are evening wolves that we've not
judges are evening wolves that we've not
judges are evening wolves that we've not a bone till morning
a bone till morning
a bone till morning her prophets are insolent treacherous
her prophets are insolent treacherous
her prophets are insolent treacherous people her priests have polluted the
people her priests have polluted the
people her priests have polluted the sanctuary they have done violence to the
sanctuary they have done violence to the
sanctuary they have done violence to the law the Lord is righteous in her midst
law the Lord is righteous in her midst
law the Lord is righteous in her midst he will do no unrighteousness every
he will do no unrighteousness every
he will do no unrighteousness every morning he brings his justice to light
morning he brings his justice to light
morning he brings his justice to light he never fails
he never fails
he never fails but the unjust knows no shame I have cut
but the unjust knows no shame I have cut
but the unjust knows no shame I have cut off nations their fortresses are
off nations their fortresses are
off nations their fortresses are devastated I have made their streets
devastated I have made their streets
devastated I have made their streets desolate with none passing by their
desolate with none passing by their
desolate with none passing by their cities are destroyed there is no one no
cities are destroyed there is no one no
cities are destroyed there is no one no inhabitant I said surely you will fear
inhabitant I said surely you will fear
inhabitant I said surely you will fear me you will receive instruction so that
me you will receive instruction so that
me you will receive instruction so that her dwelling would not be cut off
her dwelling would not be cut off
her dwelling would not be cut off despite everything for which I punished
despite everything for which I punished
despite everything for which I punished her but they rose early and corrupted
her but they rose early and corrupted
her but they rose early and corrupted all their deeds
all their deeds
all their deeds therefore wait for me says the Lord
therefore wait for me says the Lord
therefore wait for me says the Lord until the day I rise up for plunder my
until the day I rise up for plunder my
until the day I rise up for plunder my determination is to gather the nations
determination is to gather the nations
determination is to gather the nations to my Assembly of kingdoms to pour on
to my Assembly of kingdoms to pour on
to my Assembly of kingdoms to pour on them my indignation all my fierce anger
them my indignation all my fierce anger
them my indignation all my fierce anger all the earth shall be devoured with the
all the earth shall be devoured with the
all the earth shall be devoured with the fire of my Jepson
fire of my Jepson
fire of my Jepson for then I will restore to the peoples
for then I will restore to the peoples
for then I will restore to the peoples of pure huge that they all may call on
of pure huge that they all may call on
of pure huge that they all may call on the name of the Lord to serve Him with
the name of the Lord to serve Him with
the name of the Lord to serve Him with one Accord from beyond the rivers of
one Accord from beyond the rivers of
one Accord from beyond the rivers of Ethiopia my worshippers the daughter of
Ethiopia my worshippers the daughter of
Ethiopia my worshippers the daughter of my dispersed ones shall bring my
my dispersed ones shall bring my
my dispersed ones shall bring my offering in that day you shall not be
offering in that day you shall not be
offering in that day you shall not be shamed for any of your deeds in which
shamed for any of your deeds in which
shamed for any of your deeds in which you transgress against me for then I
you transgress against me for then I
you transgress against me for then I will take away from your midst those who
will take away from your midst those who
will take away from your midst those who rejoice in your pride and you shall no
rejoice in your pride and you shall no
rejoice in your pride and you shall no longer be haughty in my holy mountain I
longer be haughty in my holy mountain I
longer be haughty in my holy mountain I will leave in your midst a meek and
will leave in your midst a meek and
will leave in your midst a meek and humble people and they shall trust in
humble people and they shall trust in
humble people and they shall trust in the name of the Lord the remnant of
the name of the Lord the remnant of
the name of the Lord the remnant of Israel shall do no unrighteousness and
Israel shall do no unrighteousness and
Israel shall do no unrighteousness and speak no lies nor shall a deceitful
speak no lies nor shall a deceitful
speak no lies nor shall a deceitful tongue be found in their mouth for they
tongue be found in their mouth for they
tongue be found in their mouth for they shall feed their flocks and lie down and
shall feed their flocks and lie down and
shall feed their flocks and lie down and no shall make them afraid
no shall make them afraid
no shall make them afraid sing o daughter of Zion shout o Israel
sing o daughter of Zion shout o Israel
sing o daughter of Zion shout o Israel be glad and rejoice with all your heart
be glad and rejoice with all your heart
be glad and rejoice with all your heart o daughter of Jerusalem the Lord has
o daughter of Jerusalem the Lord has
o daughter of Jerusalem the Lord has taken away your judgments he has cast
taken away your judgments he has cast
taken away your judgments he has cast out your enemy the king of Israel the
out your enemy the king of Israel the
out your enemy the king of Israel the Lord is in your midst you shall see
Lord is in your midst you shall see
Lord is in your midst you shall see disaster no more in that day it shall be
disaster no more in that day it shall be
disaster no more in that day it shall be said to Jerusalem do not fear
said to Jerusalem do not fear
said to Jerusalem do not fear Zion let not your hands be weak the Lord
Zion let not your hands be weak the Lord
Zion let not your hands be weak the Lord your God in your midst the Mighty One
your God in your midst the Mighty One
your God in your midst the Mighty One will save he will rejoice over you with
will save he will rejoice over you with
will save he will rejoice over you with gladness he will quiet you with his love
gladness he will quiet you with his love
gladness he will quiet you with his love he will rejoice over you with singing I
he will rejoice over you with singing I
he will rejoice over you with singing I will gather those who sorrow over the
will gather those who sorrow over the
will gather those who sorrow over the appointed assembly who are among you to
appointed assembly who are among you to
appointed assembly who are among you to whom its reproach is a burden behold at
whom its reproach is a burden behold at
whom its reproach is a burden behold at that time I will deal with all who
that time I will deal with all who
that time I will deal with all who afflict him I will save the lame and
afflict him I will save the lame and
afflict him I will save the lame and gather those who would rhythm out I will
gather those who would rhythm out I will
gather those who would rhythm out I will appoint them for praise and failing in
appoint them for praise and failing in
appoint them for praise and failing in every land where they were put to shame
every land where they were put to shame
every land where they were put to shame at that time I will bring you back even
at that time I will bring you back even
at that time I will bring you back even at the time I gather
for I will give you fame and praise
for I will give you fame and praise among all the peoples of the earth when
among all the peoples of the earth when
among all the peoples of the earth when I return your captives before your eyes
I return your captives before your eyes
I return your captives before your eyes says the Lord
you
you [Music]